Welcome to the little girl's gym
Please take care of me in the future
I heard that the Song family's own daughter came back from abroad
Not only have a high degree
She's also very beautiful.
The Song family belongs to the Song Dynasty
Why haven't you come yet?
Our Cher is changing clothes upstairs
I'll be selling it to you soon.
Wait a minute cheers
You have to embarrass me with so much money, don't you?
How can you be embarrassed?
How can such a delicious thing be placed here as a decoration?
It's called waste.
That's a shame
Okay, okay, don't say you know me later
Go ahead and learn.
What did the family say?
Don't let me say it yet
I'm in a hurry
Song Qianqian, you still have the face to come
Yo look
Was it beaten by the Sun family?
After you go out, you have no food to eat?
Come here to deliver food and drink
Who am I?
It turned out to be a group of adulterers who lost their homes